Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
JUNE 2022
Mind if I pick something up?
Go ahead.
Thank you.
Hey. isn't that Ryu Sun-jae?
What is he digging up?
What's that?
An egg? A gourd?
6 MONTHS LATER. JANUARY 1. 2023
Hey.
You're here.
Hi. there.
Long time no see.
It's been a while.
It's freezing out here.
It's way past midnight.
Why isn't she here?
-Hey. what's up?
-Sun-jae.
-Why are you brooding an egg?
-Huh?
How did you know?
A reporter from TBS called me saying
he spotted you holding an egg at Hangang.
He asked me what you were filming.
Hey. Dong-seok.
If you were supposed to meet someone
and they didn't show up for an hour.
have you been stood up?
An hour?
That means they've forgotten about it.
When did you agree on it?
Fifteen years ago.
I hate to break it to you.
but "Let's meet in 15 years"
basically means "See you never."
Are you really that naive?
That's what it means?
Go home if you don't want to
have a meet-and-greet.
What if someone takes a...
Someone already posted a picture.
Where on earth did you get that egg?
I'm hanging up.
Time that flows again.
That's my gift to you.
Will this gift
really reach you in the future?
I pray that it does with my whole heart
as I write this letter to you.
Here's what I want to tell you
in case this letter makes its way to you.
"Thank you. Sun-jae.
For being alive."
"Time that flows again"?
What the...
The forecast didn't mention snow.
The first snow of the year.
Sun-jae must be happy.
What's happening?
It's just like that day.
No.
It can't be.
No way.
IM SOL. PRODUCER
BON CINEMA
Dong-seok.
Yes?
I'm listening.
Was the person from the film company...
Im Sol?
Yeah.
Do you actually know her?
She said you'd remember her
if I told you her name.
Sun-jae!
Don't forget. Hangang Bridge.
Even if we're not in each other's lives.
promise me you'll come.
It's Sun-jae!
Hey. over here!
Why are we going to the Hangang Bridge?
He should've been here by now.
Did he go home?
That would actually be a relief.
Hello?
It's me.
It's been a while.
Yes. it has.
Yeah.
Why are you standing out here?
Did your car break down?
No.
I was waiting for you.
How did you know I'd be here?
I just had a feeling.
What if I hadn't seen you?
You haven't changed at all.
Why don't we grab some tea?
Or is it too late?
No. I'd like that.
Sun-jae!
Sorry to interrupt.
but everyone's asking
why you're not at the after-party.
You were the last person to see him
before he died.
-We have to get going.
-I can't let him go like this.
Hang on.
No. don't go.
You can't go.
What?
I mean. what I'm trying to say is...
Sun-jae!
Stay with me tonight.
Let's spend the night together.
You and me.
What do you mean?
I meant it literally. Why?
You mean...
just the two of us?
Yes.
Just stay with me.
Okay. I will.
Sun-jae. what if someone sees you
standing around here?
Can you tell everyone I can't make it?
What?
But...
Where are you going?
-Aren't you getting in?
-What?
I am.
But...
How have you been?
How do I seem?
You look well.
Then I guess I am.
And is everything okay?
I guess.
Do you mean that?
Have you really been well?
How about you?
I guess I've been doing pretty well too.
I'm healthy. and I have a job.
That's good to hear.
So.
where are we going?
A place where we can be alone in peace.
-We're here.
-Huh?
A hotel?
You must be a regular here.
You just walked right in.
I tend to prefer places I'm familiar with.
You have places you prefer?
I like the ambiance here.
What ambiance?
Wait. Sun-jae!
Actually.
can we go somewhere else?
Why? Do you not like it here?
Well. that's not exactly the issue.
Let's go in. then.
If we're to be alone
without the prying eyes.
this is the only place.
Sun-jae.
All right.
I did ask you to spend the night with me.
but what I had in mind wasn't exactly...
What I'm trying to say is...
I wasn't referring to a "NOP."
"NOP"?
You know. a night of passion.
Look. we're not total strangers.
and we do have some history.
and I know some people
get right down to it
with old school friends
if they feel like it.
but...
Unfortunately. I'm the conservative type.
What are you...
But I'm not judging you in any way
for getting the idea.
We just have different values.
Two adults getting it on
at a nice place like this
is totally understandable.
But when I told you
I wanted to spend the night together.
I didn't mean that kind of night.
I'm sorry.
I don't think that's necessary.
I mean. I did give you the wrong idea.
Please get us the nicest seats.
Of course. this way.
Oh no.
I'm sorry for bringing
someone so conservative here.
But crowded places make me uncomfortable.
You understand. right?
Of course.
I forgot you were
a celebrity for a second.
Why did you come to see me?
Well...
I wanted to apologize.
I didn't push you
into the fountain yesterday
because I was mad about the movie.
It was an honest mistake.
I was in a rush.
and I didn't know it was you.
I know.
You'd never do that on purpose.
Forget about the charges.
I called the police about another matter.
I don't know why they took you.
I'm sorry for getting you into trouble.
It's okay.
Is that the only reason
you came to see me?
Huh?
I thought it was about...
The time capsule.
I thought that was why.
You remembered our promise?
Did you go to the bridge that day?
No.
I'm extremely busy.
I see.
That's good.
What about you?
Did you go?
No. I didn't go either.
You made such a big deal out of it.
Don't you want to get it back?
It's fine.
My wish has already come true.
It's so good to see you again.
So good.
I guess you're okay now.
You used to be scared of seeing me
after that day.
"That day"?
Never mind.
You wanted to be a movie director.
You made it into the industry.
-Gather around. guys!
-You can see all of them. right?
Okay. one more.
Here we go. One. two. three.
CONGRATULATIONS ON THE SUCCESS
OF ECLIPSE'S FULL-UNIT CONCERT
A full-unit concert in five years.
We poured our hearts into it.
Thank you. and we love you.
-I love you. Eclipse forever!
-Thanks for becoming a singer.
Where's Ryu Sun-jae?
I hear he took a girl to a hotel
instead of going to the party.
BAEK IN-HYEOK
One sec.
What's up?
Are you at the Shelton Hotel?
It's all over social media
that you're there with a girl.
I didn't know you had a girl to meet
right after the concert.
Who is she? Tell me.
None of your business.
Come on. everyone's going to know
by tomorrow morning anyway.
Reporters are probably lurking
outside that hotel already.
I'm hanging up.
What's wrong?
I'm sorry. but we should get going.
Already?
But we hardly got to talk.
Reporters are on our tail.
You can go out first...
No. I'll go out first.
Take your time with your drink.
I can't let him go yet.
Can't you stay a little longer?
It'll only be a hassle for you
if the story gets out.
Sun-jae. wait.
You can never be too careful.
so cover up your face when you leave.
I'll call you.
We can talk next time.
Get home safe.
Hello?
Thank you.
Excuse me!
Keep an eye on the van. Kim.
I'll watch the entrance.
Got it.
What on earth?
What the...
This way. Sun-jae. Hurry!
-Get in.
-Huh?
What on earth?
Do you want your photo taken?
Just get in
if you don't want your photo taken!
-Hurry!
-Jeez.
What exactly is your plan...
No one will believe the stories
if there's no photo of us together.
What's going on here?
What does it look like?
I'm driving. and you're riding shotgun.
Exactly.
Why did you drag me into your car
like some kidnapper?
Come on. I couldn't let you go alone
with your stalker on the loose.
You didn't bring your car.
But my manager was right there.
Really? I totally missed him.
Well. since you're here.
I'll give you a ride home.
I'm an excellent driver.
I've never had an accident for ten years.
You haven't changed.
Always so reckless.
Okay. let's keep it up.
You want to come up
to my place at this hour?
Why?
Well. actually...
I've been dying to go to the restroom.
Can I use yours?
What?
I really have to go.
It's really bad.
I can't hold it in anymore.
-For real?
-Of course.
She was begging Sun-jae
to spend the night together.
So where'd they run off to?
Where could they spend the night together
other than in a hotel?
-I'm sure he took her home.
-Home?
Sun-jae's place?
They can't!
Why not?
Darn it.
I got a gift from the game company
I did a commercial for.
-And?
-Just this morning.
I ditched it at Sun-jae's place.
Ow. my stomach.
Oh no.
Ow. where's the restroom?
The restroom?
This way. Come on.
Take as much time as you need.
So this is your bathroom.
What's this doing here?
Damn you. Baek In-hyeok.
Be careful.
Why did this have to happen
in the middle of the night?
I'm hungry.
We're going over to Geum's. Mom.
I ended up barging into his house.
I wanted to leave a good impression
when I met him again.
But that's hardly the priority.
There's no way
I'm leaving Sun-jae alone tonight.
MOM
Hey. Mom.
Where are you. Sol?
I'm still out. Why?
The water pipes at home froze over.
Your grandma and I are
taking a cab to Geum's right now.
You should come over to his place too.
I'm not going home tonight.
I'll be home tomorrow. Don't worry.
Tomorrow?
You don't have a place to crash!
Are you seeing someone?
If that's the case.
I shall generously allow it.
Yes. I'm with a guy. okay?
Anyway. I'm not going home tonight.
so don't wait up.
Stay with me tonight!
Let's spend the night together.
You and me.
But she said she didn't mean it like that.
What the heck?
Stop it.
Okay. see you tomorrow.
Hey. you're here.
Hey.
How do I stall for time?
What's she doing?
Is she really trying to stay over?
Your apartment is so nice.
Can you give me
a short tour of your house?
I'm not going home tonight.
Please?
Okay.
The TV is as tall as I am!
It's huge!
It'd take all night
just to organize your clothes!
What's this?
How do I look?
We can't spend all night
going over my clothes. Let's go.
Hey. how do I look?
I can't take my eyes off this painting.
It's like it captivated my soul.
I heard how some famous paintings
can keep people occupied for hours.
I finally understand why.
You want it?
You can take it home with you.
Huh?
No. that's fine.
Wow. what an amazing view.
Hey. is that Namsan Tower over there?
Does this place face south?
No. the west.
I see.
Wow. what about this plant?
Wow. I love the scent of plants.
It's fake.
Oh. right.
I mean.
-it looked so real.
-That one's real.
Are you hurt? Let me see.
I'm okay.
Thanks.
Shall we continue with the tour?
What have I not seen?
My bedroom.
You want to see it too?
Huh?
Well. no.
Then you've seen everything.
Should we head out?
Wait. Sun-jae.
Well...
Aren't you hungry?
Can I have some instant noodles
before I go?
I'm not going home tonight.
Please?
-Okay.
-No freaking way!
Anyone but Im Sol.
Damn it.
Did something happen back then?
Something sure did happen.
He saved her life.
but she never thanked him for it.
Anyway. that girl is a hard no.
I can't believe Sun-jae.
He hasn't seen her for ten years.
and he just fell for her?
He better not be cooking for her
like a total pushover.
What are those meds?
I hope it's not for depression.
Are you interested in medicine?
What?
I was just wondering what they were.
Multivitamins.
Omega-3.
lutein.
supplements.
You're taking good care of yourself.
That's good.
-Are you not eating?
-How can I eat right now?
What?
I'm on a diet.
Oh. right.
I guess you have to.
being a celebrity and all.
Since I don't have to. I'll just dig in.
He's going to ask me to leave now.
What? Why is it so quiet?
Why isn't he saying anything?
Get up.
I know you're not asleep.
It'll be less embarrassing for you
to get up now.
Oh. I must've dozed off.
If you hadn't woken me up.
I'd have slept until morning...
Are you really going to sleep over?
Who's that?
Excuse me. Can I help you?
So. the thing is...
You made it very clear
that you didn't mean
"spending the night."
Is this about the movie?
Are you trying to find the opportunity
to get me to sign the deal?
No. that's a misunderstanding.
Then explain yourself before it deepens.
-I'm worried...
-Okay.
That you might...
die tonight.
That I might die?
Yes. that's right.
So I wanted to be
right by your side tonight.
I didn't want to have regrets
leaving you on your own.
so I followed you home.
I got it. A dream.
I had a bad dream.
I dreamed that you were badly injured
at a competition.
It felt so real.
Thinking it might actually happen
made me so anxious and worried...
You haven't changed at all.
Let's hear it then.
Did I die in your dream this time?
How could I ever explain this?
In another painful reality.
you were gone from this world.
Why would I die?
What's going on in your head
that's giving you these dreams?
Celebrities always talk about
how hard it is for them mentally.
Some even make bad choices
because of such struggles.
There are rumors about you too.
How you suffer from depression
or have panic attacks...
I don't have any of that.
Depression or panic attacks.
Really? Are you sure?
You can't believe such dumb rumors.
Well. that's good to hear.
Tell me.
Why are you suddenly worried about me?
After all these years?
I know.
It's been so long.
You must be tired.
I'm sorry I kept you from resting.
I'll clean this up and go.
Don't go.
It's probably too big. but...
Thanks.
Right.
You can change in here.
Thanks.
No.
Hey. are you done changing?
Yes. I'm done.
Come outside if you're done.
Right. okay.
Hey. Sun-jae. I left my clothes...
I didn't know you liked
this kind of stuff.
I don't!
I get it.
Don't get it. It's not what you think.
What do you take me for?
This is... I mean.
I can assure you that this isn't mine.
I had absolutely no idea
that this was here until I got home.
Don't worry about it.
It's understandable for a single guy
to keep something like this at home.
I told you. it's not mine!
Whatever. Let's talk outside.
-Come on. let me have a look.
-What?
Don't. I'm telling you. it's not mine.
-Oh. come on.
-Stop it!
Sun-jae!
-Wait here for a bit.
-Okay.
Sun-jae.
did I walk in at the wrong time?
What? What do you mean?
I think I saw you with a girl.
What are you talking about?
That's what you saw.
No way.
I'm pretty sure I saw another person.
How many fingers?
-Two.
-No. one!
You're drunk and seeing things.
Really?
Hey. I heard you were with Im Sol.
Didn't you bring her home?
Nonsense.
We just had some tea and said goodbye.
You're drunk. Go home!
By the way.
you can't be. right?
If you're still hung up on Im Sol
by any chance...
No. it's not like that.
Just get going.
Really?
-Damn it.
-Then...
I might as well wash up while I'm here.
Why do you always do that?
-Just go home.
-Hey. I told you why.
Your bathtub is just perfect.
Just how much did you drink?
What's wrong?
Just hurry and get washed up.
Can I take a bath too?
Sure. do whatever you want.
All right.
Sorry about that. Let's go.
Hey. Sun-jae!
What now? Why are you coming back out?
What the heck is this?
What is this?
How did you find that?
Let's be honest.
Is Sol really that pretty?
I just don't get it.
There are tons of prettier girls
around you.
They're all over the place!
That jerk!
So why are you still not over her.
you idiot?
It's not like that.
Don't give me that!
Don't you remember all your antics
every time you got drunk?
Damn it.
Im Sol!
Sun-jae!
I'm sorry.
Get up. you idiot. Come on!
I'm not going.
-Yes. you are...
-Sol!
Sol!
Look. Mom!
Come on.
Are you a salmon?
Are you here to lay eggs?
Why do you keep coming back here?
You've been moping at her old house
whenever you drink for a decade.
I'm not coming back!
Today's the last time.
I'm moving on.
Get up. Let's go.
-Just a bit longer.
-Just get up already!
Are you still going to deny it?
You're so hung up on your first love
that you never dated anyone
well into your thirties.
It's so sad.
Hey!
Put me down!
Hey! Put me down!
Damn you!
Shut up and take your bath.
Okay.
So warm in here.
So warm.
How are you?
Any better?
-You've been missing school...
-Listen.
Thank you.
I'm so grateful for what you've done.
but I'm reminded of that day
whenever I see you.
It's scary.
I can't even look at you.
But that tree
wasn't there anymore.
I dug it up before that.
I see.
Were you there
on the night of January 1st?
Yes.
That night...
I was there.
Listen. Sun-jae.
See you around.
I was there too.
To see you.
But I arrived a little late.
I guess we missed each other.
Yeah. I guess so.
And here's the thing.
I...
liked you too.
I'm sorry I couldn't tell you then.
I'm sorry I hurt you.
You probably don't even care
after all these years.
but I still want to apologize.
But I had no choice back then.
I couldn't handle it any other way.
It was painful for me too.
I told myself
that if I ever met you again.
I would tell you
that I liked you too.
And that I missed you.
You have no idea
how much I wanted to see you.
As you are now.
Someone might see you.
Thanks for the ride. Bye.
I liked you too.
You have no idea
how much I wanted to see you.
As you are now.
Are you saying...
you felt...
the same way about me?
You said you missed me.
Well?
What about now?
Who is it?
I'm from the maintenance office.
I'm here to see the water pipes
that burst last night.
Oh. right.
I'm...
I'm sorry. but could you come back later?
I'm afraid I can't.
I only have time now.
Why isn't she saying anything?
Good morning!
It's cold out. Bye. Geum.
-Geum?
That's what I said!
You know my older brother. right?
He just had his second child.
-What. the eldest boy?
-Yes.
I've known him for years.
This man looks nothing like him.
He got himself a new face.
With plastic surgery.
You should get going. Geum.
Bye. Geum. Go on.
Please come in.
-I'll be going then!
-Okay. bye!
-I'm really going!
-Yeah!
Man. to be young and in love.
Goodness. that's one loud car.
Never seen that one before.
Sorry. Please continue.
I mean...
You're smiling?
How could you be smiling
in this situation?
What are you going to do about this movie?
RECENT CALLS
He's probably busy.
MOM
Hey. Mom.
Can you go visit Hyeon-ju
during your lunch hour?
Your brother is about to be divorced.
What are you talking about?
Apparently. he invested
all his savings in a friend's business
and lost half of it.
Hyeon-ju found out and kicked him out
in the middle of the night.
What?
So. are you really going to get a divorce?
What am I. crazy?
Divorce is no joke.
I suppose he felt a lot of pressure
with our second child on the way.
The house is tiny.
but our family is growing.
It's hard to save up with a single income.
Plus. how could he have known?
IM SOL. PRODUCER
BON CINEMA
I'm so jealous of you right now.
I really should've
gone to the interview
at the film studio with you.
I could've gone to school
and worked with you.
It's such a shame.
Why was I in such a rush to get married?
If you could travel back in time.
would you not marry Geum?
If I hadn't.
would that have changed my life?
Most likely.
Okay. but even if my life
changed like that.
how can I be sure it's for the better?
I might be happy for a day.
but what then?
It might all go terribly wrong.
just like that.
We can never know what the future holds
until we actually try it.
Hey. sweetie. Did you go pee-pee?
Let's see. Mommy's right here.
Even if someone offered
to send me back in time.
I would never take a gamble on my life.
If I hadn't gotten married.
I'd never have had my beautiful babies.
MAKE YOUR SKIN GLOW WITH HYDRATION ALONE
Hello?
It's me.
Hey.
Things were hectic all morning.
Did you get to work okay?
Aren't you tired?
I'm fine.
Busy day today?
I have to work until late today.
I see.
You didn't even get to rest yesterday
after the concert.
You must be tired.
I'm not tired at all.
Liar.
You're pretending to be fine again.
I bet you act this way to others too.
You need to talk about these things.
Or else. no one will know.
Hello?
Why are you not talking?
I don't know.
I'm just so happy.
About that gift. the wind-up clock.
What does it mean?
I just hoped that your time
would continue without ever stopping.
That's weird.
What is?
Now that you mention it.
it feels like time is finally moving
after having stopped for so long.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Wanna meet up tomorrow?
Sure. I'll see you tomorrow.
Wait. wanna meet up tonight?
When do you get off work?
No clue.
Wouldn't you be too tired?
No. I don't mind.
I'll come to you.
Okay.
Sun-jae. we're nearly there.
Sounds like you have to go.
Just a little longer.
Come on. we'll be seeing each other soon.
Why don't we meet up now?
-What?
-Just say the word.
I'll cancel everything and come to you.
You should get to work.
See you later.
What about the scales?
Creating the mermaid's tail
may be tricky because of the reflection.
so we could try...
I'm so sorry. everyone.
Can we focus?
You were saying?
We could use tinfoil...
Over here!
-Good night.
-See you tomorrow.
The phone is turned off.
Please leave a message...
It's been off all day.
Is something up?
Her phone probably just died.
Eyes on the road.
Jeez!
How does she keep getting in?
Security said they'd make sure
this didn't happen again.
-She's back?
-Yeah.
I hear she tried to break in again
while In-hyeok was sleeping
in the morning.
Has she been here the whole time?
She's really pissing me off.
Calm down.
Just report her and take me to the hotel.
I wanna get changed and go see Sol.
Oh. right!
I left my car at Sun-jae's.
He probably isn't home yet.
Goodness. It's been off all day?
SOL
The number you have dialed is unavailable.
-Please leave a message...
-I guess he's still working.
Where did I park my car?
Oh! Found it!
1 MISSED CALL FROM SOL
I didn't hit her!
She fell on her own.
Oh no! Are you okay?
Stop right there!
That damn stalker.
What a pain!
-Stalker?
-Yes.
DONG-SEOK. JNT ENTERTAINMENT
Hey. what's up?
What room are you in again?
Unit 2510...
Why did you ask if you knew?
What are you talking about?
Wasn't that you?
-Gotcha.
-Let go of me!
When did you run away from home?
A month ago.
How old are you? 15? 16?
I'm 14.
Seventh grade.
I know you're still young.
but don't you know
that stalking is a crime?
I just like him so much.
And that makes it okay?
You're only making things harder
for the person you like.
How could you do that
to the person you like?
Eat slowly. I'll get you some water.
-Gosh. what happened?
-This is breaking news.
Singer and actor Ryu Sun-jae
was shockingly attacked
by an unidentified assailant
in a hotel in Seoul.
Police are going after the suspect
who ran from the scene.
Kim Eun-ju reporting.
The incident happened at a five-star hotel
where the public only has limited access.
Mr. Ryu was found
suffering heavy blood loss.
He was immediately moved to a hospital
where he is receiving emergency surgery.
Fingerprints found on the weapon
left at the scene identified the suspect.
Kim. a male in his forties. served time
for a murder he committed in 2009
and was released from prison
a few days ago.
The police released his information
for a public manhunt
as they have reason to believe
he will strike again.
I don't get it.
Why Sun-jae?
Subtitle translation by: Jee-hae Kim
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-